docs(readme): add intro (#26)
morpho-labs/safer: README.md

# Safer

> Safer is a tool that helps you sign & submit transactions to a Gnosis Safe, without requiring any interaction with Gnosis' backend or frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safer is a tool that helps you sign & submit transactions to a Safe, without requiring any interaction with Safe' backend or frontend.
```

> Safer is a set of Foundry scripts that can be used as fallback in case Gnosis is down and the blockchain is the only thing that can be trusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safer is a set of Foundry scripts that can be used as fallback in case Safe backend is down and the blockchain is the only thing that can be trusted.
```
